I promise I'll catch the culprit.
You must reboot.
I can turn you into Gido.
How much is in here?
I'd estimate about ten billion yen.
He must really play the part
if you haven't caught on yet.
A real shame that Riku Hayase has to go.
I will ask you one last time.
Where did you put the ten billion yen?
I'm not Gido!
The real deal stole the money.
Three years ago, Gido stole the billion,
murdered Natsumi-san, and then buried her.
Gido was behind it all?
Gido was on the verge of arrest,
with the Inspector General hot on his tail.
At his wits' end,
Gido came to me with a proposal.
I'm rebooting. Pull a fast one on me,
and your sister's dead.
His plan was to pressure Riku Hayase-san
into a corner
and have him reboot as "Gido."
Sounds utterly unbelievable.
Allow me to prove myself.
I will bring you the real Gido.
[Ayumi Gido, Reboot, Day 5]
Fried rice, at this hour?
To lift our spirits.
Can't fight on an empty stomach, right?
Thank you.
Of course.
- It's delicious.
- Hot.
I forgot how hungry I was.
Only 23 hours left.
We have to find Gido.
What will you do once you've cornered Gido?
I won't hand him to Goroku.
I'll have him confess everything to the police.
That way, I will be proven innocent.
It won't be so easy.
You must be referring to Goroku's spy
within the force.
Yes.
Besides, even if you are proven innocent,
Goroku won't allow you to roam free.
I know.
That's why I'll end Goroku's
organization while I'm at it.
How?
I'll tell the police all I know
about his money laundering.
One of our teams already has eyes on him.
We believe GooSix's CEO
is using Fuyuhashi's group
to organize an extensive
money laundering scheme.
Once they know how the money flows,
they will arrest Goroku.
But I will need your assistance.
Could you send me the data you have?
If Goroku is put under scrutiny,
I'll also be caught.
I understand I must atone,
but I want to save my sister
before I'm arrested.
The stolen ten billion is not yet liquidated.
Once Gido is arrested,
take your share of the riches
- and fly off to the States.
- What?
No one would catch on immediately.
Let your sister be treated
while the police are looking into the case.
I promise not to speak a word of this.
In exchange, once your sister has recovered,
I ask that you turn yourself in.
Okay.
But first, we have to find Gido
before the organization does.
What do you mean?
Ten billion yen in luxury items were stolen.
Goroku will divert all his resources
to hunting down Gido.
He may even resort to using Mayu-san as bait.
I thought he avoided roping in third parties.
The amount stolen means risks are necessary.
Goroku is prepared to take extreme measures.
We can't let Mayu-san get involved in this mess.
Worry about yourself first.
I know.
We only have 23 hours.
If we can't manage to find Gido,
we won't live to see tomorrow.
So we'll find him.
Timing and subtitles by
"🍰 The Pastry Detectives 🔍" Team @Viki.com
Let's come up with a code.
A code?
Gido might try to trick me again.
Then how about this?
When I see you, I'll grab my ears.
It's something my mother used to do to me.
Natsumi and I did the same to Takumi as well.
Sure, that works.
Great.
One more thing.
Gido threatened you to reboot me, right?
Do you know where he was
in the six months I spent recovering?
I don't know.
I was only told to call in
every now and then.
I'll try calling this number.
The number you have called is unavailable
or no longer in use.
He's not answering.
Is it possible he's already left the country?
With how much he stole,
he wouldn't be able to leave immediately.
You called me here bright and early
to use the facial recognition system?
Please don't call me when I'm off duty, Sir.
I wanted to look up Riku Hayase again.
Adachi, do I drag the photo here?
Yes, Sir. Then you click this button here.
We haven't managed to get a hit thus far.
Our system only receives a feed
from cameras in public facilities.
Though this helps identify individuals,
it's not the best resource
for tracking someone down.
[Ayumi Gido]
There are only pictures of me.
I’m going to the Hayase Patisserie.
Sir, we looked into Ichika Kogo like you asked.
According to GooSix Corp...
You can drop that lead.
He visits that patisserie every day.
Mr. Gido sure likes to act solo
ever since his return.
You make a point.
Hey there, you two.
Chief Mikami. Good morning, Sir.
I'd like to introduce you two to someone.
What a quaint office.
[GooSix Co. Business Plan]
Sir, it seems they're informed.
Great. Then this will be quick.
Excuse me, those are important documents.
It's fine, let them.
And you are?
This is Inspector General Makita.
Hey, no need to get so stiff.
We've come to ask for your assistance
in an investigation.
An investigation?
We have reason to believe Inspector Gido
has a hand in dishonorable work.
Please tell us everything you know of him.
It would be in your best interests
to cooperate.
I'm heading out.
Taku-chan, your gym clothes.
Thanks.
I'll help with the caramel when I get back.
Don't push yourself, okay?
Thank you, Dear. Go ahead now.
- Be careful.
- Okay.
Have a good one, kid.
Takumi-kun seemed to be in high spirits.
He's only acting that way to ease my worries.
School can't be any easier,
with all the rumors about his father.
You have a wonderful grandson.
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
Please, rest. I'll finish up what remains.
It's fine, I have to protect the store.
Ma'am, my husband will find the culprit
and bring your son home.
So please, rest when you can,
for his beloved store's sake.
Thank you.
Then I'll be in the back.
Welcome.
Sorry, it's me.
Mayu-san, has Gido contacted you?
No.
If he does, please tell me immediately.
I'd advise you to lay low as well.
Did something happen to Gido?
I can't tell you the specifics.
It would only put you in more danger.
I also ask that you leave this store.
While I truly appreciate all your help,
I want to keep my family out of this mess.
I understand.
But before I go, please share with us
your pudding recipe.
Your mother and Takumi-kun are working hard
to recreate the Hayase Pudding.
It's the caramel that's giving them trouble.
Mayu-chan, please leave this store while you can.
Did you look into Ichika-san?
Yes. I've resolved the issue already.
Please, be wary of her.
I believe she's lying to you.
That's the very issue I've resolved.
Ichika-san is someone I can trust.
Please heed my advice.
Morning, Gido-san.
Kiriya wasn't informed of my identity.
What brings you here, Kiriya?
We're tailing that woman. Fuyuhashi-san's orders.
One more thing, he said.
"Kidnap him if he tries to run."
Gido's here with me.
Fuyuhashi.
Pop quiz. What did you make for us last night?
A Hayase Shortcake.
Hand the phone back.
Hello?
Sure thing.
He says you're free to go.
I'm guessing you screwed up, right?
My advice? Never disobey Goroku-san.
See you around.
- Yes?
- Mayu-san, about the caramel.
It's a bit on the bitter side now.
Add water as soon as the sugar bubbles.
If you mess up that timing, it turns bitter.
Okay, we'll give it a try.
I'll come to taste test again tomorrow.
Sounds good.
[Transplant Surgical Costs]
At the current exchange rate,
her surgery would cost about 210 million yen.
Her primary doctors
would also accompany her to the U.S.
Though it depends on her condition,
she will likely be procedure-ready
in about a week.
I understand.
I will have the money.
Please prepare her for the operation.
Hey there.
What's up? I already had breakfast.
I was talking to your doctor.
We're getting you to the U.S. for a transplant.
But what about the money?
Money is no issue.
I've saved up plenty.
You're headed over soon.
Prepare yourself, okay?
I have to get going.
Why do you earn so much more now?
Simple. I work hard.
Just don't work too hard, okay?
I want you to prioritize yourself.
You think I don't do that already?
See you around.
Our code.
Where are we?
Fuyuhashi and Machi run an NPO together
to provide shelter for homeless children.
And this, is that very "Shelter."
[Shelter]
The one Natsumi helped establish?
That's right.
She found this building for them.
Say what you will, but this is all a front
for hiring more shady part-timers, right?
All right everyone, lunch is served.
Eat up while it's hot.
Don't hesitate to ask for seconds.
Hey, what's with the lukewarm reaction?
Here, have some pork miso soup, Yukie.
Miso soup with pasta?
Sorry, Fuyuhashi was craving miso.
- What sort of pairing is that?
- Right?
I promise they taste great together.
Go on, dig in.
- See, they're great together!
- No, they're not.
- It's delicious!
- The kids at Shelter know nothing of crime.
Sure, the place is run by dirty money.
But the kids are innocent.
- Could we get another bowl?
- Coming right up!
I never knew Fuyuhashi
could look so cheerful.
Here you go.
Fuyuhashi used to volunteer
on the city streets.
That's where he met Machi-chan and his crew.
Their goal was to start an NPO together.
He wanted to create a sanctuary
for kids who had no home.
But
a scuffle with some child traffickers
left him fatally injured.
You must be Fuyuhashi-kun.
The one who saved him, was Goroku.
You certainly have grand ambitions.
But those ambitions won't bear fruit.
Do you know why?
It's because you're a child,
who knows nothing of the world.
Come join me, and I will teach you.
About money, power,
and how to correctly wield them both.
I have a large family.
Can they come with me?
Of course. I welcome them all.
What now? Aren't you two busy chasing Gido?
Aren't you going to join your lackeys
in the search?
We've come to ask for intel.
Gido most likely hopes to leave the country.
But we're in possession of his passport.
We expect he'll take the back route out.
Has your group...
We've already asked around
all sorts of channels.
He hasn't gotten himself caught yet.
If that's all, then leave us.
Please don't bring Mayu-san into this.
She knows nothing of this seedy business.
She's plenty involved already as Gido's wife.
Gido was hoping to divorce Mayu-san.
I cannot imagine he'd escape with her.
She was his family, at one point.
Kidnap her, and we could lure him out.
Why are you doing all this?
I understand you wish to help these kids.
Yet you kill without blinking an eye.
Why do you follow Goroku's orders?
For money, why else?
Goroku and I are the only ones
who know of your identity.
Now keep up the Gido act, yeah?
Fine.
We have to hurry, or else Mayu-san is in danger.
I know.
Do you have any idea where she may be now?
She's currently helping out the store.
What? Why?
She insisted.
You have to get her out of there.
I know.
Wait.
[Do your best at work]
[Secret meeting with your boyfriend]
- Gido.
- We're heading to the hospital first.
You suck at this.
My bad, Ichika-chan always did the cooking.
Good going, you lovebirds.
There can't be two of you.
I can't send you there alone.
I'll keep you on the line.
Say the word, and I'll come running.
You're here again.
Where's Gido?
He already left.
I see.
So why did you come?
Did you come for Gido-san?
Let me guess. You two fought?
No. I just wanted to see you again.
Yikes.
Was he there?
No, he left.
What's our code?
Where's Hayase-san?
What do you mean?
Answer me, now.
He's in the car.
I haven't killed him.
Let him go.
Not until you apologize.
Traitor.
Bring me the money.
Or else your sister's dead.
Hayase-sasn has nothing to do with this.
You sure get heated when it comes to him.
What? Did you fall for him or something?
You have until tonight.
We sure do look alike, don't we?
Quit acting so tough, Pâtissier.
You murdered Natsumi, didn't you?
Answer me.
You sure are naive.
Take a look at your surroundings.
Screaming won't do you any good.
What's in it for me if I answer?
Stand in my shoes for a second.
A dunce is parading around with my face.
Can you blame me for being pissed off?
You've got a brain in there so use it.
What got you into this mess?
Why are you tied up?
Deceive me like your life depends on it.
Bargain with me like we're equals.
Guess that's not possible for an idiot
who lets his emotions dictate him, huh?
You're a naive,
sweets-making goody-two-shoes.
It's no wonder you couldn't save Natsumi.
Kiriya is tailing Mayu-san.
Fuyuhashi plans to use Mayu-san to drag you out.
I don't care about that woman.
Liar.
I saw the photo in your locker.
You still treasure Mayu-san.
It's why you distanced yourself from her.
You're acting delusional.
Mayu-san loves you, even now.
She worries for you, day and night.
She misses you.
I can save her.
And that's supposed to be a negotiation?
So what? Do I just trust you'll keep your word?
I will.
Because I'm a naive, goody-two-shoes.
Mayu-san is a wonderful individual.
I don't want to get her involved, either.
You wouldn't leave an innocent soul to die,
would you?
What'll you do once you rescue Mayu?
What about your revenge against me?
I'll have you turn yourself in.
The man who murdered your wife is right here,
and you'd let him get arrested,
without doing a thing yourself?
You're a real softie, huh?
If I had no one else in my life,
I'd kill you where you stand.
But I can't do that.
I promised my son I'd return to him.
I promised Natsumi
I'd make our child happy.
It doesn't matter what troubles
or humiliations I must face.
I vowed to return home to my family.
I'm only alive
because you still think I have my uses, no?
I can save Mayu-san.
Please, hurry. We don't have much time.
Seems like you've got a backbone, after all.
Listen up.
There's been a big misunderstanding here.
I didn't kill Natsumi.
Like hell I'd believe that.
How would you explain the contents
of your warehouse?
Warehouse?
We looked through your laptop.
[Warehouse Rental]
We found the money
and Natsumi's belongings in your safe.
Hold on. Where did you find that laptop?
In your locker at the office.
I think I'm catching on.
She wants me to be guilty so bad, right?
Ichika Kogo's playing you for a fool.
Lies.
Ichika's the liar.
You threatened Natsumi
to help embezzle the organization's money.
With the billion yen in your clutches,
you murdered Natsumi
and pushed the blame onto me.
It's true I threatened Natsumi
to help embezzle some cash.
I was after the billion with Kaieda as well.
But the money disappeared
before we could get our hands on it.
I also didn't kill Natsumi.
Then how do you explain the warehouse?
I've never rented a warehouse in my name.
The email you saw was a trap.
A trap?
Goroku's got another lackey in the police.
Who?
I don't know.
But they're the ones who set up that laptop.
Are you saying Goroku is behind all this?
I'd never believe it.
Of course not.
Why would Goroku steal money
left to his own organization?
Goroku's already busy
repaying the billion he lost.
He can't stand to lose any more face.
Then who's behind all this?
Who checked the email?
Ichika, right?
Are you saying Ichika-san's the mastermind?
Ichika's trying to use you
to make me the culprit.
No.
You threatened Ichika-san to have me rebooted.
You're the one playing tricks on me.
She's got you wrapped around her finger.
Ichika's the one who suggested we reboot you.
She brought it up when Natsumi was found,
and Goroku was on my back.
If you're so backed into a corner,
why don't we reboot someone
to take your place?
Who the hell would take my place?
Natsumi-san's husband, Riku Hayase.
Place the blame on him,
and he'll bite.
I'll even give him the push he needs.
I assumed she was eager to help
to keep her own embezzling under wraps.
But that wasn't her only goal.
Once Hayase has been rebooted,
escape overseas with the money.
We'll simply place the blame on this fake.
I only ask that I get 25% of the cut.
Hey, I'm the one taking a risk here.
Then I'll just have you killed.
Does that work for you?
I should've realized it was a faulty plan.
Nothing was guaranteed,
and I couldn't trust Ichika, either.
But it was better than waiting for death.
I've had it.
I'm rebooting.
- Sir.
- Hey.
I exchanged Natsumi's laptop
for the one Ichika prepared for me
and suspicion against you grew.
The blood I added to you car
was the decisive blow.
We're here to arrest Riku Hayase.
All that was left
was for Ichika to convince you
and for me to fake my own death.
In the half year you spent recovering,
I survived off whatever funds Ichika sent me,
but I couldn't trust her for a second.
I've been secretly observing
both your actions.
I was supposed to steal the riches
before you recovered.
Then you'd waltz out, fully recovered,
and get snuffed out. End of story.
Except, that woman never reported back to me
when you had made your recovery.
If you ever need anything, come talk to me.
I realized Ichika had played me like a fool.
She even got Mayu involved in our mess.
Yes?
Keep walking, and don't turn left.
Ayumi?
Head into a crowded store.
You're being followed.
That's when I decided I'd trick her...
He must really play the part.
And make way with the riches myself.
But even then, Ichika was a step ahead.
All the jewels are fake.
- The other riches? Complete junk.
- What?
Ichika's the thief. I'm being framed.
And both you and Goroku are convinced.
Everything is going just as she planned.
If I'm killed, the riches will remain missing.
She'll get away with all the money.
No...
Think about it.
The fact I'm still here
is proof enough, right?
Why would I bother with Ichika
if I had all the money?
Why would I detain you here?
I suspect Ichika murdered Natsumi, too.
Ichika-san had no ties
to the organization back then.
Yes, that's also what I assumed.
Turns out at the time,
Ichika worked the night shift
at a club Goroku ran.
That's where she met Natsumi,
had her steal the billion,
and then killed her.
It's not the craziest story, right?
And now that Ichika's taken Natsumi's place,
she's tricked us into getting her ten billion.
- Unbelievable.
- I know, I'm right there with you.
If I'm on the mark,
this is one terrifying woman we're dealing with.
Ichika's goal isn't to save her sister.
She's after something on a far greater scale.
Ichika's calling.
Is he the real, or fake? Guess.
Hey. You better have
the ten billion ready for me.
Mayu-san!
I only put her to sleep,
but she'll stay asleep until tomorrow.
If you want to save her,
bring Riku Hayase to the location I specify.
You have until 10 p.m.
Do you have a gun?
What?
I'm asking if you have a working gun.
There's one at your place.
I'll come with you.
You'll only be killed if you go alone.
I will attempt to negotiate.
You're free to use brute force if I fail.
Think rationally.
We're more likely to save Mayu-san together.
How do I know you won't betray me?
I am a naive pâtissier.
I cannot stand by
and watch an innocent person die.
You piece of...
You threatened Natsumi.
Let me have this much.
Never underestimate a pâtissier.
♫ It's wise not to expect anything ♫
Does Mayu...
She knows I'm not you.
Listen, if I die...
tell her I ran off with another woman.
Tell her that yourself.
And when you do, give her this.
[Divorce papers]
Give her this yourself.
I'm counting on you.
I'll head on in.
Hurry.
I'll have you know, we have a search warrant.
- What brought this on?
- We're investigating Goroku's organization.
We have reports of you with Fuyuhashi.
I'm using him as an informant.
But that's not all.
Goroku's exclusive attorney
was a man named Kaieda.
You know him, yes?
We're told you were heard arguing with him.
You only ran out after Fuyuhashi called, no?
Adachi...
I'm sorry for ratting you out, Sir.
But this is for justice.
You're cornered now.
We'll hear more from you at the office.
Please, wait.
Can't this wait until tomorrow?
Inspector General Makita, please.
Take him.
Sir.
General Inspector, please.
Timing and subtitles by
"🍰 The Pastry Detectives 🔍" Team @Viki.com
[Reboot]
This is where my reboot truly begins.
[Next, the last episode: Finale]
Everything you've said is a lie.
I expect great things from you, Gido.
Goroku-san, please.
Don't bring your issues into the home.
Is Gido alive?
[Risking your life to protect your loved one]
I will crush Ichika Kogo.
[Where will justice lead when the evil prevails..]
I'll kill you. I mean it.
Fuyuhashi, stop!
Please, let Mayu-san go.
Thought I'd prove what justice is all about.
[This drama is a work of fiction]